### Submit a new simple allele for a known canonical allele (*UC103*)

**Description**
Curator submits an allele that already exists in the registry in canonical form, but the simple allele representation does not already exist.

#### Actors
- *Curation Admin*
- *Curation Application*
- *Allele Registry*

#### Pre-conditions

- A DNA Sequence allele in one of the supported representations.
- The allele to be registered already exists in the registry already exists in the *allele registry* in canonical form, but not in the simple representation given by submitter.

#### Steps

1. *Curation admin* requests a formal allele identifier from the *Curation Application* in order to capture specific evidence from one or more publications.
2. The *Curation application* requests an allele identifier from the *Allele Registry* using one of the allowable representations for representing an allele.
3. The *Allele Registry* determines that the allele representation specified already exists in cannonical form, but the simple representation is not in the database.
4. The *Allele Registry* creates and accessions a new simple allele associated with the canonical allele.
5. The *Allele Registry* returns the URI of the simple allele to the *Curation Application*.

#### Post-conditions

- The *Curation Application* captures the universal stable identifier originaly generated by the *Allele Registry* for the original allele representation submitted by the *Curation Admin*.
- The *Curation Application* would be responsible for preserving linkage between the identifier and the source representation of the allele.

#### Exceptions
- Allele representation is invalid
- Invalid reference sequence identifier or reference sequence not loaded in repository.
