###Submit an amino acid simple allele (*UC104*)

**Description**
Submit an amino acid simple allele

####Actors
- *Curation Admin* 
- *Curation Application*
- *Allele Registry*

####Pre-conditions
- *Reference Data*

- It unknown if the allele representation to be registered exists in the *Allele Registry*, nor does canonical representation.

####Steps (assuming Pre-condition one is given).
1. *Curation admin* requests a formal allele identifier from the *Curation Application* in order to capture specific evidence from one or more publications.
2. The *Curation application* requests an allele identifier from the *Allele Registry* using one of the minimal required data sets (see pre-conditions) for representing an allele.
3. The *Allele Registry* first checks in protein space then if needed allele space for previously registered Simple Alleles.
4. The *Allele Registry* determines that the allele has been registered, and returns the the URI to the *Curation Application*.
5. The *Curation Application* returns the URI to the *Curation Admin*

####Post-conditions
- The *Curation Application* returns a universal stable identifier authorized by the *Allele Registry* for the original allele representation submitted by the *Curation Admin*.  
- The *Curation Application* would be responsible for preserving linkage between the identifier and the source representation of the allele.

####Exceptions
- Allele Registry attempts to verify the protein change based on the reference given and determines that a incorrect annotation has taken place.
- HGVS is invalid
- Invalid reference sequence identifier or reference sequence not loaded in repository.

####Questions/Comments
- Should the *Allele Registry* return the URI of other known alleles, the canonical version, or both?
