###Submit a simple allele that does not match the given reference. (*UC114*)

**Description**
Curator submits a simpleAllele and it is discovered the given reference data does not match current records.

####Actors
- *Curation Admin*
- *Curation Application*
- *Allele Registry*

####Pre-conditions
- *Reference Data*

- The individual alleles of the haplotype previously exist in the *Allele Registry*, but combination is not known in the Registry.


####Steps
1. *Curation admin* requests a formal allele identifiers from the *Curation Application* for the given simpleAllele.
2. The *Curation application* requests allele identifiers from the *Allele Registry* using one of the minimal required data sets (pre-conditions) for representing an allele.
3. The *Allele Registry* verifies the accuracy of reference information.
4. The *Allele Registry* discovers given reference data is inaccurate. 
5. The *Allele Registry* inspects one (or more) reference version previous (or forward) to discover correct reference information.
6. The *Allele Registry* reports back exception and any results of version search.
7. The *Curation Application* captures the exception and version search then presents it to the *Curation admin*.

####Post-conditions
- The *Allele Registry* would be responsible for returning (unambiguously) the reason the exception was found.
- The *Curation Application* would be responsible for reporting (unambiguously) the reason the exception was found.
- The *Allele Registry* would be responsible for returning any possible version search to the *Curation Application* and *Curation admin*.
- Under NO circumstances should the Allele Registry create a new URI with version search results, these should only be use as follow up information for the *Curation admin*.

####Exceptions
- HGVS is invalid
- Invalid reference sequence identifier or reference sequence not loaded in repository.
- Reference or alternate allele information not correct.

####Questions/Comments
- This use-case seems very clear.  We should never registry data without clean, clear reference data. No exceptions.
- The above example also states the need for the Registry and any Applications to have detailed error reporting.
- In this use-case example I had the *Allele Registry* search for possible correct reference information, I'm unsure if the Registry should handle this or just operate as [UC113](./UC113.md).

#### Use Case Image
