###Submit a haplotype consisting of multiple simple alleles, all of which are novel (*UC110*)

**Description**
Curator submits a collection of SimpleAlleles occuring as a haplotype (complexSimpleAllele) all of which are thought to be novel.

####Actors
- *Curation Admin* is a user that has the authority to register new alleles in the *Allele Registry*
- *Curation Application* is a system that stores curation evidence related to allele identifiers from the *Allele Registry*.
- *Allele Registry* is the service provided by public authority for canonical allele identifiers and the canonicalization engine implementation for registering, mapping, aligning and canonicalizing various allele representations.

####Pre-conditions
- One of either of the following minimal data sets for an allele representation are provided for for all the alleles in review.
  - Reference seqeunce identifier and associated HGVS expression. (e.g. NM_001365.3:c.-1670G>A, NM_000018.3:c.739A>C, NM_000018.3:c.900G>A).
  - Genome build assembly, chromosome, genomic coordinates, reference and alternate allele. (e.g. GRCh37:Chr17:7123838, GRCh37:Chr17:7125387, GRCh37:Chr17:7125587; G>A,A>C,G>A).

- None of the allele of the haplotype previously exist in the *Allele Registry*, nor does a canonical representation occur.

####Steps
1. *Curation admin* requests a formal allele identifier from the *Curation Application* in order to capture specific evidence from one or more publications.
2. The *Curation application* requests an allele identifier from the *Allele Registry* using one of the minimal required data sets (see pre-conditions) for representing an allele.
3. The *Allele Registry* verifies the accuracy of reference information.
4. The *Allele Registry* determines that the alleles representated do not already exist as individual simpleAlleles or as a haplotype.
5. The *Allele Registry* return the URI of all simpleAlleles (novel so would return the canonical URL's), and the haplotype URL to the *Curation Application*.
6. The *Curation Application* captures the universal stable allele identifiers and presents all forms to the *Curation admin*.

####Post-conditions
- The *Curation Application* would be responsible for preserving linkage between the identifier and the source representation of all the alleles and their association as a haplotype group.

####Exceptions
- HGVS is invalid
- Invalid reference sequence identifier or reference sequence not loaded in repository.
- Reference or alternate allele information not correct.
- Validation discovers that all alleles do not coexist on the same transcript. Could not be present in the same haplotype.

####Questions/Comments
- What steps would be needed in cases were 2/3 of the above alleles were known but were not recored as being part of the same haplotype?  Would the *Allele Registry* return any future request with all know allele and any haplotype groups they are registered with?  This type of return would be very valuable.
